The Setup:

A small band of extra strong characters end up stuck in some unkown realm.
Each character has a small selection of specialties. Combat skills and Non-Combat skills
The player controls a single character, others are left in base. Potential Co-Op multiplayer.
Characters back in base use their non combat skills to do various tasks.

XP gain will give small incremental bonuses, think Paragon Points.
Just a few large power spikes for characters that can be unlocked.
Gear is an important source of power, which means you can take an in base character, give them good gear, and be able to adventure.

"Class" Ideas:
	http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/AnAdventurerIsYou
	http://tvtropes.org/pmwiki/pmwiki.php/Main/VideogameCharacters

Specialization System:
	There's a number of different possible specializations
	Each character starts with none or one
	Upon advancing suffiecently you get a second and third (possibly fourth?)
	These affect your major skills, passive stats, etc...
	All advancements stack.
	
Basic Skill System:
	Inspired by D3 / LoL
	Melee / Ranged basic attacks on mouse
	Skill Shot, Shield, Mobility and "Oh Shit" skills
	Augmented by Specializations

Fire Specialization Idea:
	Tier 1:
		Ranged Basic becomes fire bolt
		Skill Shot becomes AoE fire Bbll
	Tier 2:
		Shield becomes fire shield, reflects damage
		Mobility leaves behind trail of fire
		Fire Penetration 1, Fire Resistance 1
	Tier 3:
		Oh SHit turns you into an inferno, AoE Aura, big + Fire Damage

Regeneration Specialization Idea:
	Tier 1:
		Shield rapidly restores hit points
		uhhhh, maybe this is way too narrow
		
Moar Brainstorming:
	Keep a list of different abilities for the different skills.
	For implementation, do a sort of filter chain for incoming / outgoing effects.
	Start dumping down all the abilit?es that I think of.
	
	Melee Basic:
	
	Ranged Basic:
		Different elemental types
		Ammo vs Mana system?
	
	Skill Shot:
		Size, Shape, Elemental affinity
		Direct damage, dot, debuff
	
	Shield:
		Heal
		Reduced damage takaen
		Thorns
		Dodge chance
		Absorb shield
	
	Evade:
		Blink
		Charge
		Trail of fire
		
	Oh Shit:
		Big stat buffs
		Augment skills
	



Starting Characters:
	All should have fairly strong stats. May or may not (probably not) start with a specialization
	Each should have a couple of traits chosen from a pool. Some randomly, some semi-fixed.
	ie.
		Blacksmith
		expotential power curve (lower base stats, higher stat gains as levels are gained)
		Ambidexterous
		Large size
		Tiny
		uhhh.... Who knows.

Crafting System:
	Find rare components, craft at key locations during key events
	No idea how items will actually owrk....


Elemental Energies:
	Rather than have a player choose lightning or fire type specialization, then instead channel the energy that's strongest around them.
	This means that I need to have an energy map.
	There should be centers of high energy, a volcano etc... Magic powers would be stronger there, but the natives would be resistant to that element.
	By crafting an elemental attuned weapon you take that spike of energy with you.
	There should be a baseline of power across the map, so that magic isn't weaker.
	Possibly include the odd elemental void.


What makes the diablo builds interesting?
	Jade Harvester:
		Short range nuke on a glass cannon with short invulnurability cooldowns
		Three basic components. Apply the debuff, Nuke, Invulnurability. Two skills apply the debuff, one nuke, three prevent damage.
		
More Skill Ideas:
	A large portion of build diversity is the shape of the skill shot. Finding thematicly appropriate reasons for reshaping it is huge.
		Standard skill shot [variable width, range]
		Line (continues through) [same as above]
		Cone [radius, size]
		Point and click AoE [size, range]
		Burst [size]
	Themes:
		Focused caster
		Environmental attument?
		